Basically recursion indicates function calls itself with respect to a base condition. (Untill the base condition turns true)

🔴🟠🟡 Difference between Iteration and Recursion:- 
i) Iteration is a concept of loop running again and again. Recursion is function calling itself untill a base condition is satisfied.
ii) In case of iteration the loop runs again and again untill the condition is false. But in recursion function calls itself repeatedly untill
the base condition is true or satisfied. 
iii) Iteration is used when the code size is large, but recursion is used when the code size is small. 
iv) Iteration takes less time, but recursion take more time because to solve recusion we have to consider stack. The recursion function itself. Whenever
function calls after every call the function returns some value and we have to store the value into the stack. 

Stack is a abstract data type/structure. As their is no physical data structure named stack in the computer memory unlike arrays, graphs and linked lists, we
call stack an abstract data structure. We just imoplement some logic on the physical data structures like arrays and call them stack. A stack follows
LIFO (Last In First Out) and FILO (First In Last Out) strategy. Here insertion and deletion of elements occurs only from TOP. 

We generally use the concept of stack to understand the implementation of recursion. In case of recursion, each time the method calls itself an 
output is generated, but eventually when the base condition is satisfied it returns an single output in the main function. To understand that we use 
stack data structure.

In simple word, recursion is a method of solving a computational problem where the solution depends on solutions to smaller instances of the same 
problem. Here we move from the top to bottom towards the base case and similarly returning the answer in the opposite direction.


🔴🟠🟡 Stack Overflow :- If we work with a very large number of dataset or if we performs numerous recursion calls so that. the computer memory 
inside the call stack gets full. Then we get an error called stack overflow error. To prevent this we must need to have a base case in our recursive 
function to know the exact time of terminating the calling of the recursion function. Otherwise after the call stack memory being full, eventually
our program will be crashed.