🔴🟠🟡 LinkedList:- In simple word, LinkedList is a linear data structure where we connect the data elements/nodes with the help of chains/links. Actually
a linked list is a chain of data nodes or elements which are interconnected with a link or chain. If we visualize every single nodes of a LinkedList
we notice that a node or data element has two parts. First part stores the data. It may be integer, float, boolean, long or string type. Second part 
consists of next or reference or pointer which is actually points towards the next node. It links the next node. In case of last node, the next pointer
referes to null. 

🛑 In Java we use a reference variable in the place of next, which is a reference to the next node because their is no concept of pointer in Java 
unlike c or c++. Basically reference variable is a type of variable(also read in OOPs) that points to an object. Here the object is the node(next node).

🛑 So to create a LinkedList, we need to make NODE class where every nodes are the onject of the class NODE. Another reason to put all nodes inside the
NODE class is that each node stores same type of informations (data and ref to the next node). So apperantly we know the blueprint of the node.  
Using that we can make a central NODE class which carries all the proparties of each node present in the LinkedList. Each individual node is the 
object of that NODE class. Now we'll apply the concept of OOPs to build this data structure. 

class Node{
    int data;
    Node next; // data type is itself the class type (bcz the next variable is pointing towards the object of the next node)
    
    // defining constructor
    public Node(int data){
        this.data = data; // this.data is present inside the class Node
        this.next = null; // at starting point we assume that it isn't pointing towards any other node
    }
}
🛑 So, to create a single node we need to create an object of the Node inside the LinkedList class.
🛑 We keep track two of the most important or special nodes in a linkedlist. 
    ⚪ Head Node (1st node) and, 
    ⚪ Tail Node (last node before null).
🛑 If we have data of the head and tail node, we can traverse throughout the linkedlist using the data of the next.
🛑 We can access one node at a time in a linkedlist.
   in a linkedlist.
🛑 At the last node, the next points towards the null. In case we have a linkedlist consists of a single node, the head and the tail points
to the same node. In that case head equals to tail.
