🔴🟠🟡 ArrayList: ArrayList is an in-built, linear and dynamic data structure as well as a class available inside the ArrayList utility package. 
So we have to  write import java.util.ArrayList; It is just like vectors in c+. It is a part of Java Collection Framework(JCF).

⚪ The differece between array and arraylist is, array is static but arraylist is dynamic. That means once we declare the size of the array we can't change it later. But 
arraylist is dynamic in size, where we can extend the size of the same arraylist later if necessary. It doesn't come with size contraint unlike array.
⚪⚪ In case of array, we can store both primitive (int, float, String, boolean and more...) and non-primitive (e.g. object of Integer class) data types.
Whereas, in arraylist, we can only store non-primitive data types like object of Integer class etc.

🔴🟠🟡 Java Collection Framework (JCF):- Java Collection Framework is a collection of some classes and interfaces inside Java, by which we can implement
inbuilt data structures. In fact, here we didn't build the ArrayList from the scratch by writing the logic of its variable size and other proparties,
we just used it from JCF where it is previously built for developers to use directly.

🔴🟠🟡 Operations we can perform by suing ArrayList:-

⚪ Add Element O(1)
⚪ Get Element O(1)
⚪ Remove Element O(n)
⚪ Set Element at Index O(n)
⚪ Contains Element O(n)

In case of array, to access the elements present in each index we need to use index of array arr[i]. But here [] is not required. Rather we can
access the same using .get method. Otherwise Arrays and ArrayList are almost same. All the functions we performed inside an array, we can perform 
it here too. 

To find the length of an ArrayList, we use .size() method which returns size in integer type. In case of array we use .length is a proparty but 
here .size() is a method. Even we can iterate here just like array. 

To sort an ArrayList we can implement all the available sorting techniques(bubble, selection, insertion, counting, merge and quick) just like arrays.
But when we use inbuilt sorting method we use Collections.sort() method to sort in ascending order. Here Collections is a class under java utility 
package.

🛑 We need to remember that, Collections is a class under java.util package but Collection is an interface. Here to sort an arraylist we use Collections
class. 

🔴🟠🟡 The implementation of arraylists in the computer memory happens exactly similar with arrays. When we define an arraylist or we write
ArrayList<Integer> list = new ArrayList<>(); it creates an arraylist(or array) of a particular size in the memory. When we access the list
indirectly or internally we access the array. Whenever the arraylist is filled, Java internally creates a new array of double size of the previous 
array inside the memory and copies all the elements from the previous array. The old array automatically is deleted from the memory.

